doc(rocThrust, hipCUB): Add more notes about CCCL 3.0 support in changelog (#10024)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocthrust/CHANGELOG.md

    * `thrust::tuple` and `thrust::pair`: some features may differ from CCCL/thrust v3.0.3.
    * `thrust::zip_iterator`: some iterator concepts present in CCCL/thrust v3.0.3 are missing.

### Removed

> * rocThrust compatibility with PyTorch v2.9 and v2.10 has been removed in this release.  Please use PyTorch v2.11 and newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* rocThrust compatibility with PyTorch v2.9 and v2.10 has been removed in this release.  Please use PyTorch v2.11 or later.
```
